Watch the presentation at oskarlipienski.com


The original development environment:
OS: Pop!_OS 18.04 LTS based on Ubuntu 18.04
Simulation software: CoppeliaSim Edu V4.0.0 rev4
ROS: ROS Melodic Morena LTS latest version, full desktop installation with moveit, rvis visual tools, graph msgs and moveit visual tools packages.

To replicate the enviroment it should be sufficient to install the same versions of the CoppeliaSim and ROS and move the libsimExtROSInterface.so file
to the main folder of the CoppeliaSim. This way it can interface with ROS using the custom message type created for the purpouse of controlling legs. 
The compiled plugin file can be found in Project Documentation folder. Then all that has to be done is compile the packages in the CatkinWs folder and 
open the final_simulation.ttt that can be found in the CatkinWs/src/project_demo/worlds directory. To launch the final version of the controller use 
ROS to run go_to_target.py from project_demo package. The full description of the script can be found below in the section describing all scripts.

Description of CatkinWs directory:

In CatkinWs/src two packages can be found. moveit packgage is the package that has been generated by moveit setup assistant based on URDF that can be found in model folder. Using this package was considered as a way of controling movement of the robot. The package and script still can be run by launching the file gazebo.launch, then running script kinematics_walking.py from project_demo package.

The project_demo package is the main package of the project. In directory meshes are models used to assemble the robot inside simulation. In model directory .urdf description of the robot can be found. Custom msg file is included in msg folder.

Different scripts in the CatkinWs/src/project_demo/script directory:
	- go_to_target.py - This is the final verison of the algorithm that will controll the robot's movement around the map. The robot will start at the [1,1] coordinate(can be changed in global variables), then will attempt to go to the goal location which can be set in the main function as arguments for producePath(xt,yt) function.

	- find_path.py - This is the testing ground for the navigation part of the project. This script is a prototype of the localization functions in the go_to_target.py

	- kinematics_walking.py - Attempt at using kinematics package generated by moveit setup assistant. This script to work needs moveit package to work. It is included in CatkinWs/src directory.

	- walking.py - The first working version of the algorithm that is using walking and turning in tight spaces like corridors. It has been used as a demo during mid-project presentation. For this script to work it is recommended to use world hexa-sim.ttt that can be found in CatkinWs/src/project_demo/worlds directiory

	- wheeled_with_1sensor.py - first attempt at controling a robot assembled in CoppeliaSim, the robot had 3 wheels and 1 proximity sensor returning boolean values. The robot would turn to avoid obstacles. Can be run with world Demo.ttt at CatkinWs/src/project_demo/worlds.

	- wheeled_with_2sensors.py - extended version of 1 sensor. The difference is the robot now has two sensors at the front. Sill both are returning boolean values. Can be run with world Demo2Sensors.ttt at CatkinWs/src/project_demo/worlds.

CAD files directory contains all 3D models produced for the purpouse of this project.

Project documentation contains all documentation produced during the project.

